feat(gateway): document keyring license encryption for 3.8 (#7835)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/db-encryption.md

All nodes in the Kong cluster should share the same `keyring_enabled` and `keyring_strategy` configuration values.
The generated private key `key.pem` is not required to configure Kong, or to start Kong. Please refer to the [disaster recovery](#disaster-recovery) section for more information on how to use private keys in keyring management.

{% if_version gte:3.8.x %}

> #### (Optional): Configure license payload encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure license payload encryption
```
Let's not have "optional" in the section header. Technically any section could be optional, especially since this isn't in step order.

> By default, {{site.base_gateway}} does not encrypt license data within the
> database. If this is required for your deployment, it can be enabled by adding
> the following to `kong.conf`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, {{site.base_gateway}} does not encrypt license data within the
database. If this is required for your deployment, you can enable it by adding
the following to `kong.conf`:
```

```
keyring_encrypt_license = on
```

Or via environmental variable:

```
export KONG_KEYRING_ENCRYPT_LICENSE=on
```

> This feature is not enabled by default because it may not be suitable for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
License encryption is not enabled by default because it may not be suitable for all
```

> deployments and must be activated with care. Without license encryption enabled,
> licenses stored in the database can be activated at startup, before
> {{site.base_gateway}} starts serving traffic. If license encryption is enabled,
> license activation is delayed until after keyring activation completes (either
> via cluster/vault strategy or manual recovery), so there will be a latency
> between when {{site.base_gateway}} starts and when all enterprise features are
> fully activates. This limitation can be avoided by providing the node a valid 
> license at startup via `KONG_LICENSE_DATA` or `KONG_LICENSE_PATH` environment 
> variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployments and must be activated with care. 
* Without license encryption enabled, licenses stored in the database can be 
activated at startup, before {{site.base_gateway}} starts serving traffic. 
* If license encryption is enabled, license activation is delayed until after keyring 
activation completes (either via cluster/vault strategy or manual recovery), so there 
will be a latency between when {{site.base_gateway}} starts and when all enterprise 
features are fully activated. This limitation can be avoided by providing the node with 
a valid  license at startup via `KONG_LICENSE_DATA` or `KONG_LICENSE_PATH` 
environment variables.
```
Split the potential options into bullet points to make it more obvious that there are two and break up the wall of text.
There's some minor grammar fixes in there also

Author: dig it, thanks!
